Principle 1: Embark on the journey to insights, within your business and technology context
The starting point must be your digital business objectives. Design your roadmap to harness new data sources based on how they will help achieve these objectives. Equally importantly, your journey must be dictated by where you start, not only in terms of data maturity but also technology.

Principle 2: Enable your data landscape for the flood coming from connected people and things
There are many new technologies that enable the capture and management of the data flood. Your new data landscape should be a mix of these technologies, chosen to provide the right solution in terms of cost, flexibility and speed to suit each specific data set and meet the insight needs of the business.

Principle 3: Master governance, security and privacy of your data assets
Insights from unreliable data are worse than no insights at all. Equally, programs fail and businesses leave themselves exposed if data is not handled securely and with consideration of relevant privacy issues. Maturing and industrializing an organization in its production of value from data, is a key lever to success.

Principle 4: Develop an enterprise data science culture
Data science unlocks insights. Appreciating and understanding how value is derived from data needs to become part of the culture of the organization. Only by embedding it throughout the enterprise, and systematically making all decisions better informed, can organizations achieve the transformation to becoming insights-driven.

Principle 5: Unleash data- and insights-as-a-service
The demand from business users for information and data-driven insights is ever increasing across all organizations. To harness this, business users must feel that they can rapidly access the insights they need where and when they need it. Setting up a powerful platform that delivers these insights ‘on-demand’, is the ultimate goal.

Principle 6: Make insight-driven value a crucial business KPI
Measure your measurement. Apply data science to your data science to see where you are adding value and where you are not. If data is becoming one of your most valuable assets, then treat it as such – include it in KPIs and business reviews.

Principle 7: Empower your people with Insights at the point of action
All functions in an organization are faced daily with a series of decision points and actions, both at the macro and micro level. Whether you are in supply chain, finance, procurement, marketing or other parts of the business, empowering your business teams with real-time insights at the point of action makes the crucial difference.
